0A: Yuan: My name is Yuan, a service assistant.
I was programmed by Ziyuan Wang (UWNetID: wangzi).
If you don't like the way I deal, contact him at wangzi@uw.edu
What kind of item you buy from our online market?
Smartphone, Laptop or Headphone.

0B: Steven: My name is Steven. I am a staff in University of Washington.
I was programmed by Ye Jin. If you don't like the way I deal, please contact him at yjin2@uw.edu.
Welcome to my sofa! Any questions?

1A: Yuan: Please enter the right device name.

1B: Steven: Laptop

2A: Yuan: What is the problem about your Laptop?

2B: Steven: My laptop system has problem

3A: Yuan: Win 10 is include in the price,
I will send you a guidance to install it.
Do you have any problem about your laptop? Or change another item.

3B: Steven: Headphone

4A: Yuan: What is the problem about your Headphone?

4B: Steven: My headphone has no sound

5A: Yuan: Please double check if the headphone connect to your device.

5B: Steven: My headphone needs to refund

6A: Yuan: I will help you create a refund process
What else can I help you on your headphone? Or change another item.

6B: Steven: Smartphone

7A: Yuan: What is the problem about your Smartphone?

7B: Steven: My Samsung is broken.

8A: Yuan: I will transfer the call to the Samsung service,
they will solve your problem
Is there any other thing I can help on your smartphone? Or change another item.

8B: Steven: My Iphone has some problems.

9A: Yuan: You can call Apple service for more information.
Do you have any problem about your smartphone? Or change another item.

9B: Steven: Laptop

10A: Yuan: What is the problem about your Laptop?

10B: Steven: My computer needs return

11A: Yuan: I will create a new return requist, it will take serveral days to process
What else can I help you on your laptop? Or change another item.

11B: Steven: Headphone

12A: Yuan: What is the problem about your Headphone?

12B: Steven: My headphone needs to refund

13A: Yuan: I will help you create a refund process
Is there any other thing I can help on your headphone? Or change another item.

13B: Steven: Smartphone

14A: Yuan: What is the problem about your Smartphone?

14B: Steven: My smartphone is broken.

15A: Yuan: You can send it back and we will fix it.
Do you have any problem about your smartphone? Or change another item.

15B: Steven: Laptop